New sample: Define clustering feature reduction (#1316)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-dotnet-samples: src/MAUI/readme.md

* [Control annotation sublayer visibility](Maui.Samples/Samples/Layers/ControlAnnotationSublayerVisibility) - Use annotation sublayers to gain finer control of annotation layer subtypes.
* [Create and save KML file](Maui.Samples/Samples/Layers/CreateAndSaveKmlFile) - Construct a KML document and save it as a KMZ file.
* [Create feature collection layer (Portal item)](Maui.Samples/Samples/Layers/FeatureCollectionLayerFromPortal) - Create a feature collection layer from a portal item.

> * [Custom feature clustering](Maui.Samples/Samples/Layers/CustomFeatureClustering) - Add client side custom feature reduction to a web map that does not have an existing defined feature reduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Custom feature clustering](Maui.Samples/Samples/Layers/CustomFeatureClustering) - Add client side feature reduction on a point feature layer that is not pre-configured with clustering.
```
